Initial commit (#1)
yiisoft/yii-bulma: README.md

    <a href="https://github.com/yiisoft" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://github.com/yiisoft.png" height="100px">
    </a>
    <a href="https://bulma.io/" target="_blank" rel="external">
        <img src="docs/images/bulma-logo.png" height="80px">
    </a>
    <h1 align="center">Yii Framework Bulma Extension</h1>
    <br>
</p>

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/yiisoft/yii-bulma/v/stable.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/yiisoft/yii-bulma)
[![Build status](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii-bulma/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii-bulma/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/yiisoft/yii-bulma/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/yiisoft/yii-bulma/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/yiisoft/yii-bulma/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/yiisoft/yii-bulma/?branch=master)

> [![Mutation testing badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=flat&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbadge-api.stryker-mutator.io%2Fgithub.com%2Fyiisoft%2F_____%2Fmaster)](https://dashboard.stryker-mutator.io/reports/github.com/yiisoft/yii-bulma/master)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Mutation testing badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=flat&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbadge-api.stryker-mutator.io%2Fgithub.com%2Fyiisoft%2Fyii-bulma%2Fmaster)](https://dashboard.stryker-mutator.io/reports/github.com/yiisoft/yii-bulma/master)
```

    <a href="https://github.com/yiisoft" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://github.com/yiisoft.png" height="100px">
    </a>
    <a href="https://bulma.io/" target="_blank" rel="external">
        <img src="docs/images/bulma-logo.png" height="80px">
    </a>

>     <h1 align="center">Yii Framework Bulma Extension</h1>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <h1 align="center">Yii Framework Bulma Integration</h1>
```

Author: done.

    <br>
</p>

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/yiisoft/yii-bulma/v/stable.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/yiisoft/yii-bulma)
[![Build status](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii-bulma/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii-bulma/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/yiisoft/yii-bulma/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/yiisoft/yii-bulma/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/yiisoft/yii-bulma/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/yiisoft/yii-bulma/?branch=master)
[![Mutation testing badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=flat&url=https%3A%2F%2Fbadge-api.stryker-mutator.io%2Fgithub.com%2Fyiisoft%2Fyii-bulma%2Fmaster)](https://dashboard.stryker-mutator.io/reports/github.com/yiisoft/yii-bulma/master)
[![static analysis](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii-bulma/workflows/static%20analysis/badge.svg)](https://github.com/yiisoft/yii-bulma/actions?query=workflow%3A%22static+analysis%22)

> This Yii Framework extension encapsulates Bulma components and plugins in terms of Yii widgets, and thus makes using Bulma components/plugins in Yii applications extremely easy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Yii Framework package encapsulates Bulma components and plugins in terms of Yii widgets, and thus makes using Bulma components/plugins in Yii applications convenient.
```

Author: done.

## Installation

```php
composer require yiisoft/yii-bulma
```

> ## Usage assets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Using assets
```

Author: done.

Bulma is a CSS framework that provides all the CSS and SASS files to customize your application, the widgets by default do not register any Asset so you must register them in your application to be used, since you can simply use the Default CSS file layout, or build your own custom CCS.

Three Assets are provided:

- [BulmaAsset:](https://bulma.io/) CSS, SASS file bulma css framework without JS code.

> - [BulmaHelperAsset:](https://github.com/jmaczan/bulma-helpers) CSS, SASS, MIXINS it is an auxiliary library provide file helpers for bulma css framework.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [BulmaHelperAsset:](https://github.com/jmaczan/bulma-helpers) CSS, SASS, MIXINS it is an auxiliary library provide file helpers for Bulma CSS framework.
```

Author: done.

> - [BulmaJsAsset:](https://github.com/jgthms/bulma) Vizuaalog/BulmaJs it is an auxiliary library that has all the JS used by the bulma css framework, you can decide to use this library, or alternatively write your own JS code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [BulmaJsAsset:](https://github.com/jgthms/bulma) Vizuaalog/BulmaJs it is an auxiliary library that has all the JS used by the Bulma CSS framework, you can decide to use this library, or alternatively write your own JS code.
```

Author: done.

> To use only the widgets, just register `BulmaAsset::class`, which we can do in several ways.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use widgets only, register `BulmaAsset::class`, which we can do in several ways explained below.
```

> ### Register in view layout or individual view

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Register asset in view layout or individual view
```

> By registering the Asset in the `resources/layout/main.php` available for all views or `resources/views/site/contact.php` for an individual view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By registering the Asset in the `resources/layout/main.php` it will be available for all views. If you need it registered for individual view (such as `resources/views/site/contact.php`) only, register it in that view.
```

> main.php or contact.php

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```php
use  Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaAsset;

/**
 * @var Yiisoft\Assets\AssetManager $assetManager
 * @var Yiisoft\View\WebView $this
 */

$assetManager->register([
    BulmaAsset::class,
]);

$this->setCssFiles($assetManager->getCssFiles());
$this->setJsFiles($assetManager->getJsFiles());
```

> ### Register in params application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Register asset in application params
```

> You can register it in the application parameters for which the Asset will be available for all views.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can register asset in the application parameters, `config/params.php`. Asset will be available for all views of this application.
```

> params.php

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: done.

```php

> use  Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaAsset;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
use Yiisoft\Yii\Bulma\Asset\BulmaAsset;
```

'yiisoft/asset' => [
    'assetmanager' => [
        'register' => [
            BulmaAsset::class
        ],
    ],
],
```

> main.php

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then in `main.php`:
```

Reviewer 2: Why do we need to do it for config-registered assets but not view-registered assets?

Author: We always need it, on the main main, to pass AssetManager assets into view.

```php
/* @var Yiisoft\View\WebView $this */

$this->setCssFiles($assetManager->getCssFiles());
$this->setJsFiles($assetManager->getJsFiles());
```

> ## Usage widgets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Widgets usage
```

Reviewer 2: Need some description here?

Author: done.

> ### Components

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: done.
